c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\DockerTesting.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\DockerTesting.Tests.dll
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\DockerTesting.Tests.pdb
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\Docker.DotNet.dll
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\NukedBit.DockerTesting.dll
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\NukedBit.DockerTesting.pdb
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\obj\Debug\DockerTesting.Tests.csproj.App.config
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\obj\Debug\DockerTesting.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\obj\Debug\DockerTesting.Tests.dll
c:\users\faltonis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NukedBit.DockerTesting\DockerTesting.Tests\obj\Debug\DockerTesting.Tests.pdb
